Prefect Cloud: FAQ (#1369)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/cloud/faq.md

### How is Prefect different from Airflow?

For some of the main distinctions, see our blogpost: [Why Not Airflow?](https://medium.com/the-prefect-blog/why-not-airflow-4cfa423299c4).

### How can I include non-Python Tasks in a Prefect Flow?

Ultimately, Python is Prefect's API; consequently, to run a process external to Python requires using Python to call out to an external "system" to run the particular task.  Some common ways to call out to external, non-Python dependencies include:
- subprocess calls
- running / interacting with Docker containers
- running / interacting with Kubernetes Jobs
- using an established Python API / SDK (e.g. `pyspark`)

### Is Cloud a fully managed service? / Where does Cloud run?

We have developed an innovative "hybrid" model for Prefect Cloud - it is probably more accurate to think of Prefect Cloud as "on-prem lite".  Prefect Cloud hosts a database and associated services which are responsible for tracking _metadata_ about your Flows and Tasks.  The actual execution of your workflows occurs in _your infrastructure_, and is orchestrated through your Prefect Agent.  

::: tip Prefect Cloud requires no access to your infrastructure

> Surprisingly, Prefect Cloud requires _no access_ to your infrastructure or code.  Information and communication flows in one direction - _from_ your Agent and workflows _to_ Cloud, but never the other way around. To better understand how data is managed, please see our write-up on [Cloud Dataflow](dataflow.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Surprisingly, Prefect Cloud requires _no access_ to your infrastructure or code.  Information and communication is always initiated in one direction - _from_ your Agent and workflows _to_ Cloud, but never the other way around. To better understand how data is managed, please see our write-up on [Cloud Dataflow](dataflow.html).
```
